Update terms.md re #17714 (#9677)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _query-dsl/term/terms.md

By default, the maximum number of terms allowed in a `terms` query is 65,536. To change the maximum number of terms, update the `index.max_terms_count` setting.

> Pass long term arrays as sorted (ordered as UTF-8 bytes ascending) to optimize query speed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For better query performance, pass long arrays containing terms in sorted order (ordered by UTF-8 byte values, ascending).
{: .tip}

```
